docs(doc): add foreground push notification (#649)
GetStream/stream-chat-flutter: docusaurus/docs/Flutter/guides/adding_push_notifications.mdx

As you can see we generate a local notification whenever a message.new or notification.message_new event is received.

### Foreground notifications

> Sometimes you want to show a notification when the app is in the foreground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may want to show a notification when the app is in the foreground.
```

> For example, when you're typing a message in a channel and you receive a new message from someone in another channel, you want to get notified about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, when you're in a channel and you receive a new message from someone in another channel.
```

> Even in this case you can use the `flutter_local_notifications` package to show a notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this scenario, you can also use the `flutter_local_notifications` package to show a notification.
```

You need to listen for new events using `StreamChatClient.on` and handle them accordingly.

Here we're checking if the event is a `message.new` or `notification.message_new` event, and if the message is from a different user than the current user. In that case we'll show a notification.

```dart
client.on(
  EventType.messageNew,
  EventType.notificationMessageNew,
).listen((event) {
  if (event.message?.user?.id == client.state.currentUser?.id) {
    return;
  }
  showLocalNotification(event, client.state.currentUser!.id, context);
});
```

:::note

> You should also check that the channel of the message is different than the channel in foreground.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also check that the channel of the message is different than the channel in the foreground.
```

> How you can do this depends on your app infrastructure and how you handle navigation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How you do this depends on your app infrastructure and how you handle navigation.
```
